Tell the truth
I've been envious of your business for a long time
The profit of milk tea alone is worth it.
Most of the profits of the entire restaurant
Well, Chairperson Li
What do you mean?
I want to invest in your business
Let's join forces
How about a profit of five or five cents?
This
Shopkeeper Lin, as long as you nod
I, Li Rongfa, am willing to prepare another 10,000 taels.
I'm afraid not.
No, do you think I'm not sincere enough?
I still feel that my face is not big enough
That's not what I meant.
My thirteen spiced crayfish drinks milk tea
It's the first step in my business
What about the future?
I will definitely introduce other new cuisines
Dominate the entire food industry
What a big breath!
It seems
Shopkeeper Lin is going to compete with me in Jiangnan Road
It's Chairperson Li
I'm here for dinner today.
I'm not here to argue with you
Eat my ass and I'll give you one last chance
Is this business cooperative or non-cooperative?
What if I don't drink?
The little furry boy doesn't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Damn send me a guest
I don't need you to send me
I can go by myself